_includes/descriptions.md, before:


------------

### Swarthmore College
{: #swarthmore}

_Excerpt_ The Computer Science Department at Swarthmore College invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor position to begin fall 2025. Applicants must have or expect to have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field by the position’s start date. The position is open to all areas of computer science, including interdisciplinary areas. Ideal candidates will complement current course offerings, particularly in the systems area.

- Applications received by **October 15, 2024** will receive full consideration. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
- Swarthmore, PA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/151923){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### College of the Holy Cross
{: #holy-cross}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor in Computer Science beginning August 2025. All research specialties will be considered. A Ph.D. in computer science or closely related field is required by the beginning of the appointment. 

- Application review will begin on **October 8, 2024** and continue until the position has been filled.
- Worcester, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/151805){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### St. Olaf College
{: #st-olaf}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science at St. Olaf College invites applications for a full-time, tenure track position in Computer Science at the Assistant Professor level to begin August 2025. We are looking for candidates who have a Ph.D. in Computer Science, or a closely related field, and who can contribute broadly to our growing computer science program through teaching, research and supervision of undergraduate research. 

- Review of applications will begin on **October 1, 2024,** and will continue until the position is filled. Applications received by that date will receive fullest consideration.
- Northfield, MN. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apptrkr.com/5364841){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Carleton College
{: #carleton}

_Excerpt_ Carleton College invites applications for a tenure-track position in computer science at the Assistant Professor level.  Position to begin September 1, 2025. We welcome candidates with any specialization in computer science or closely related fields, and we are particularly interested in candidates committed to teaching a diverse student body. 

- Applications are due **October 2, 2024.**
- Northfield, MN. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://carleton.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/CarletonCareers/job/Assistant-Professor-of-Computer-Science_R-00887){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Amherst College - Systems
{: #amherst-systems}

_Excerpt_ The Amherst College Department of Computer Science invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor, beginning July 1, 2025.  Candidates with research in any area of computer systems, broadly construed, are welcome to apply.  Amherst College is one of the most diverse liberal arts colleges in the country.

- Applications received by **October 14, 2024,** will be assured of full consideration. Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.
- Amherst, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](http://apply.interfolio.com/151829){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Amherst College - Data Structures and Algorithms
{: #amherst-data}

_Excerpt_ The Amherst College Department of Computer Science invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor, beginning July 1, 2025.  Candidates with research in any area of data structures and algorithms, broadly construed, are welcome to apply.  Amherst College is one of the most diverse liberal arts colleges in the country. 

- Applications received by **October 14, 2024,** will be assured of full consideration. Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.
- Amherst, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](http://apply.interfolio.com/151826){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Williams College
{: #williams}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Computer Science at Williams College invites applications for two tenure-track faculty positions, one at the assistant professor level and one open-rank, beginning July 1, 2025. The Assistant Professor position is a tenure-track position.  The rank and initial term of the open-rank position will be determined by the qualifications of the successful candidate.  We welcome candidates from all areas of computer science who can contribute to the vibrancy of our academic community through their research, teaching, and service for both positions.  

- Completed applications received by **November 8, 2024,** will receive full consideration, and review of applications will continue until the position is filled. 
- Williamstown, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/148956){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

Commit message:

Holy Cross second position fall 2024
This adds the second position for Holy Cross, which has a different
description and application link. We can combine the two listings if
that is preferred and there is a way to have the 2 application links.

_includes/descriptions.md, after:


------------

### Swarthmore College
{: #swarthmore}

_Excerpt_ The Computer Science Department at Swarthmore College invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor position to begin fall 2025. Applicants must have or expect to have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field by the position’s start date. The position is open to all areas of computer science, including interdisciplinary areas. Ideal candidates will complement current course offerings, particularly in the systems area.

- Applications received by **October 15, 2024** will receive full consideration. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
- Swarthmore, PA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/151923){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### College of the Holy Cross - All Areas
{: #holy-cross}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for a full-time tenure-track Assistant Professor in Computer Science beginning August 2025. For this position, all research specialties will be considered. A Ph.D. in computer science or closely related field is required by the beginning of the appointment. 

- Application review will begin on **October 8, 2024** and continue until the position has been filled.
- Worcester, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/151805){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

### College of the Holy Cross - Ethics in CS
{: #holy-cross-ethics}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science at the College of the Holy Cross invites applications for the full-time tenure-track Barrett Assistant Professor in Computer Science beginning August 2025. For this position, applicants should demonstrate an interest and expertise in the ethical, legal, and moral dimensions of computing and technology, and conduct research or teaching in related areas such as: data privacy and data ethics; alignment and algorithmic fairness; information, speech, and policy; technology ethics; design/engineering of ethical technologies; technologies and methods related to misinformation, disinformation, trust, and authenticity; algorithmic bias and accountability; or equitable computing. A Ph.D. in computer science or closely related field is required by the beginning of the appointment. 

- Application review will begin on **October 8, 2024** and continue until the position has been filled.
- Worcester, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/151804){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### St. Olaf College
{: #st-olaf}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science at St. Olaf College invites applications for a full-time, tenure track position in Computer Science at the Assistant Professor level to begin August 2025. We are looking for candidates who have a Ph.D. in Computer Science, or a closely related field, and who can contribute broadly to our growing computer science program through teaching, research and supervision of undergraduate research. 

- Review of applications will begin on **October 1, 2024,** and will continue until the position is filled. Applications received by that date will receive fullest consideration.
- Northfield, MN. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apptrkr.com/5364841){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Carleton College
{: #carleton}

_Excerpt_ Carleton College invites applications for a tenure-track position in computer science at the Assistant Professor level.  Position to begin September 1, 2025. We welcome candidates with any specialization in computer science or closely related fields, and we are particularly interested in candidates committed to teaching a diverse student body. 

- Applications are due **October 2, 2024.**
- Northfield, MN. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://carleton.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/CarletonCareers/job/Assistant-Professor-of-Computer-Science_R-00887){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Amherst College - Systems
{: #amherst-systems}

_Excerpt_ The Amherst College Department of Computer Science invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor, beginning July 1, 2025.  Candidates with research in any area of computer systems, broadly construed, are welcome to apply.  Amherst College is one of the most diverse liberal arts colleges in the country.

- Applications received by **October 14, 2024,** will be assured of full consideration. Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.
- Amherst, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](http://apply.interfolio.com/151829){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Amherst College - Data Structures and Algorithms
{: #amherst-data}

_Excerpt_ The Amherst College Department of Computer Science invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor, beginning July 1, 2025.  Candidates with research in any area of data structures and algorithms, broadly construed, are welcome to apply.  Amherst College is one of the most diverse liberal arts colleges in the country. 

- Applications received by **October 14, 2024,** will be assured of full consideration. Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.
- Amherst, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](http://apply.interfolio.com/151826){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------

### Williams College
{: #williams}

_Excerpt_ The Department of Computer Science at Williams College invites applications for two tenure-track faculty positions, one at the assistant professor level and one open-rank, beginning July 1, 2025. The Assistant Professor position is a tenure-track position.  The rank and initial term of the open-rank position will be determined by the qualifications of the successful candidate.  We welcome candidates from all areas of computer science who can contribute to the vibrancy of our academic community through their research, teaching, and service for both positions.  

- Completed applications received by **November 8, 2024,** will receive full consideration, and review of applications will continue until the position is filled. 
- Williamstown, MA. USA

[Full Job Posting](https://apply.interfolio.com/148956){: .button-job} 
[_back to all deadlines_](#deadlines)

------------
